Adv Selenium:
Basics of Selenium
Components of Selenium
Setting up Maven project
Locators in Selenium
What is Xpath and css Selector
Different ways to create xpath
Relative locators
Working with buttons, links, text field,location elements, 
Handling Web ELements
Waits in Selenium
Implicit wait
explicit wait
Fluent Wait
Swtiching Frames
Switching windows
Switching alerts
Action Class, 
Select Class,
Handling Web Tables
https://demo.automationtesting.in/Windows.html
https://www.guvi.in/
https://demo.guru99.com/test/web-table-element.php#

Add the Relative and absolute path in Document file in XPath.
Check included when to use the locators in which scenario?
Include xpath axis (following-sibling, parent, child) in the document.
Create the document by provideing the toc from Udemy course.
The window id can not see and generate internally and can get by getWindowHandle().
Type of waits in Selenium Java & diffrences and when to use.

Xpath & Conditional Methods Examples:


Weekend pe table means preference must be after testNG and BDD Cucumber.
First TestNG.
and BDD Cucumber.
Use TestNG for selenium, Do not use main method.
Project based on BDD Cucumber not based on Selenium, they use only selenium.
one project before 18 August.
Remove code from PDF because trainee copy the code.

Talk to Nikhil to fill the code CFMG (after getting the code).

from 18 Aug: 30 trainees. Divide them to team and provide modules.5 test from one module and take from extrenal source (excel).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TDD (Junit, Pytest,TestNG)-
	Detail & functional test
	Focus on technical
BDD (Cucumber, JBehave, Pytest)
	Approaches-focus on user acceptance test cases
	How application behave according to customer requirement
	Focus on behavioral
	Do not write test cases directly, first write feature file in which we will write all the scenarios in simple English format.
	Can called that BDD is a enhancement of TDD especially for non-technical persons so that they can easily understand the framework.
	Emphasis collaboration between technical and non-technical stockholders through the use of a common language (Gherkin) to describe the behavior of a system.
	It focus on writing the tests in a human-readable format, typically using a "given when then" structure, which help clarify requirements and expectation.
	Cucumber (Support multiple language ex Java, Rubby, JavaScript)
	SpecFlow (For .NET)
	Behave (For Python)
	JBehave (FOr Java)

Cucumber:
	Feature File (.feature extension):
		Write Scenarios and corresponding Steps such as testcase in Gherkin language.
	Step definition file (Java File):
		Function definitions followed by feature file steps.
	Test Runner:
		Feature file path.
		Cucuber internally follow the junit concept so test runner is a junit file.
Working flow:
	Creating flow: Feature File->Step definition file->Test Runner
	Work flow: Test Runner->Feature File->Step definition file

Gherkin language contains keywords:
	Scenario
	Given
	When
	Then
	And

PreCondition-Given
Actions-When
validations-Then

In Eclipse Marketplace type cucumber ECLIPSE PLUGIN.
Create Maven Project.
Update POM.xml with required dependencies.

--------------Example CGT--------------

Cucumber framework:
create maven  project and update pom.
Create a folder structure.